Welcome back.
Next problem was digit some.
It did some.
So the problem statement is that finding number of individuals between one and third is fine.
The following conditions.
The falling condition, which is the sum of digits in basten is a multiple of d so we have been given.
E and B it is only half full, but gay is very big.
So we cannot gay.
We have to input as it is.
But.
If we cannot put it as an integer because in Indonesia we have only ten deliberating rate, so it's
not eight in addition to the four, which is huge.
So we have to take it as a thing, right?
So let's not worry about how to take the input or something.
But the problem the problem is some of the digits in based on is a multiple of.
It means from when to tell me all those numbers whose some of digits and based in.
They stand as nothing more decimal.
Right.
So.
For example, Ford has a similar prediction based inequality for 822, has a similar digit as in based
in cluster 22.
And I want that to be a multiple of D, which we are still only eight here.
So this problem will introduce you to the GDP if you're not had not heard about it, don't worry.
Been solid and it's not not a big topic.
It's a very nice, interesting problem.
It's a nice very, very nice interesting topic and very easy just they just a small catch that you need
to understand and.
So before moving on to this problem, I want you to understand that catch for us, because if you understand
it, then you will be able to solve this problem yourself.
Hey, what, what?
What I want to do is.
I just.
Let's say I have an integer 40 and I want to put into all the numbers.
Okay.
So let's say I want to print all the two digit numbers using recursion.
How do I do that?
So slightly I'm slightly diverging from the problem.
But I want you to understand this.
Right.
It's very important.
I just want to print only two digit numbers.
So how do I do that?
Using records in a normal rate, it means a.
What I can do is I can simply call, let's say the function go right, and it will be a void function
in which what I do is at first place.
That is, I want to print all the numbers of two digits, eight, place one and I will be.
Fixing numbers from 1 to 9 and on.
Please do.
I'll be fixing numbers from.
0298987.
Duped into holding all the digits from.
All the digits of one digit as well as to the date.
So instead of 1 to 9, I can fix zero also with eight and so I can fix 0 to 9.
And here what will have it be like 029.
So what's happening?
I'm starting.
So in the first location I am either filling with 0123456789 and then again.
But all these values again I'm filling 012 and so on the line for all these values.
This is giving me all possible combinations.
So let me is slightly coded.
Oh, let's start from index.
Let's start from index zero that we start from the zeroth position.
And reading a function here which is, let's say on which index had one and let's call.
Okay.
So I should do the work here.
Eight.
So because you don't know what happens in this go I, I go for all the digits let's call them digits.
It's right there.
Digit will start from zero to N and digit plus plus and so on.
And I want to print all the numbers.
So basically it's positive, but initially, let's call it zero.
Number two, initially it is zero or.
All.
Right.
So no problem with that.
And what I'll do is I'll simply say, go just using normal recursion here, go I plus one.
That means an index eight plus one.
Fix the digit, which I'm going to give you eight.
So what I'll have is.
Yeah.
And finally, what I have is if I look ahead, it will be numb in 210.
So let's see if it was equal to one.
I just multiplied by nine zero.
Do it and added it'd be happier.
Well.
And if I is equals, true to what I do is I simply CO2 numb.
Anderton.
Okay, Nadine, it will go down.
Equal to name.
What I have is zero one and so on nine and then ten and the 99.
So you can see I am bringing all the hundred digits on the right hand side.
If I want to bring the three digit numbers in, I can do the same thing in depth of three, right?
Now you can see that I have these three digit numbers.
I'm bringing all the three digit numbers.
So here we have a thousand numbers from zero to 999.
And what if I just wanted to print only three digit numbers?
That's very it's also very easy.
I can simply take the number of digits in them.
If you're not really sure.
Eight I what I can do is I can force one upside in depth.
Eight.
Which can also do the work.
So this is normal recording and nothing else.
I'm iterating over all the numbers from zero to.
Some to the right.
Now, let's say I want to print.
This is the important part that I want to print.
Only number still.
75.
So let's have Ivan in Brazil.
And I just want to.
Find out the number still 75.
If I go greater than 75, then I simply return back.
I don't want to go.
It's not about printing.
It's about not even going for getting almost greater than 75 eight.
So in that case, how should be my recursive approach, guys?
What should I follow here?
Just think about this if I want to.
Print the numbers only did 75.
Then what should be my recursive approach?
So let me explain you this.
This is the main catch of the day.
People get mask after this.
Most other things will become clear to you and you will be able to see all many of the people with a
sort of digital dippy statement management do.
I'm starting from zero initially.
Initially, my numbers started from zero.
I want to bring the number still 75 eight.
So let's see.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Italy.
I'm just opining.
Okay, so here we have 75.
So based on the first digit here on the first is your day.
What all numbers can I place on the first digit here?
I can place the numbers from 0 to 7 and I can not exceed that rate on the first location.
I can only.
So here we have a consent.
Instead of placing all the innermost from 0 to 9.
I can only place in the Muslims 0278.
So let's see.
I'm just mocking it because of debate over there.
For the first location, I have zero, which can be on the first location one.
Two.
I'm talking about the first place.
Here are the 10th place in this case.
Three.
Then we will have four, five, six and seven.
Now, this is an important part.
Eight.
We have numbers in seven.
Now, guys, if I have zero on the first place, so let's have field first place with zero.
Then the second place can be filled from any number from 0 to 9 eight, because that will be less than
70 divided.
Okay.
So if I place any number from 0 to 9 on the second, please, that means I'm making all the single digit
numbers if I'm placing.
So now you some of you might be wondering that.
Okay here I have five Vinod Ltd Bill five only via and we're printing it.
Why am I adding the numbers from 0 to 9 on the second place?
Why not just go down five?
Because on the first place I have zero.
Right?
But if I have something which is less than seven, then it is zero.
Or one or two of three or four or five or six.
Even if it is six, then also I can base all the numbers from 0 to 9.
What does this mean?
That I am not on the right the most?
Part of the story.
If I'm the rightmost part of this tree, then it would be limited.
That means if I have fixed seven on the first place here that I cannot fix.
Anything which is greater than five on the second place now.
Now I have a constraint that is only fill it with 0 to 5.
I cannot fill it with zero.
I cannot fill the second with with six.
Not only 0 to 5 going to this particular.
Location that means.
This tree will have all ten branches again.
This will have all ten branches.
Similarly for this, all ten branches.
But for seven it will have only zero, one, two, three, four and five.
Only six branches coming out of it for the second location.
Eight.
Let's see, let's see that this was not just seven.
Five, let's say this was 752.
Well, let's say this was 752.
The number was big and it is 752.
I want to bring down number still 752 So if I had the first location, I am printing 0 to 6 any numbers
that means now I don't have any constraints on.
The branches.
We have nine branches here.
No matter what, I please either be zero one, two, three, four, five, six.
Anything is right in the first place.
Zero.
I can base anything over here and I can base anything away.
Similarly for this.
But now let's talk about seven eight.
So if on the if on the first place, I placed seven, let's say here I have seven.
Now on the second location, I can only place 0 to 5.
We all know that.
So let's see.
This is zero one, two, three, four, five.
So this is zero one, two, three, four, five.
These are these second locations right now.
This for this particular zero.
Let's talk about this zero.
Again.
I can't place any of the Nine Values VI because I'm not on the rightmost part of the tree that I must
pass, but that I most part is seven, then five, then it will be too letters, right?
But right now, if I want the zero, that means I play seven and I play zero.
I haven't placed anything, ladies.
That means I can just anything over there because I know I'm on not on the rightmost, but similarly,
guys, all nine will lose or ten they lose can come in, all the envelopes can come here, all ten values
can come here.
But for five, this five can only have three values after this, which is zero one and two.
If I am placing five in the second location, then I can only play zero one or two on the third base.
But this five was the.
Rightmost part of the tree.
Right?
This was the end.
This was the last basically last four.
So this seven was the last for the first edit.
This five was the last for the second digit.
And now this tool will be last for the third digit.
So if I make another if I try to go deeper into it, then this to this particular two will be will have
a limited value of subseries so that all of them are not so that we don't exceed this two.
Right.
I hope do go at this point.
So let's print the values till seven divided by eight.
So.
But I know I'm taking a swing because we have to do the voting thing.
Now I say go eight.
Go.
Greenville started a near zero.
Well, let me try the function called Google.
It will started in next.
I and.
Let's have a boolean value which will tell me whether is it the right most modern metric or not.
So let's call it last eight.
So what happens is initially we are on the last.
That means and the first place we will place only seven.
But if we have placed anything which is less than seven, then last is false.
Because now we can place all nines.
And if seven is placed on the on the first place, then we can have any rule.
So what I do here is.
Yeah.
So what I do here is go and usually I'll pass one as it goes on the zero the next.
I want to place it in seven only, not in nine eight.
So let's iterate over all the digits.
Digits and digits will go till nine.
Now, what I'll do is symbol.
So.
Let's.
Another variable called kill.
That means, Bill, where do we want to print it?
But instead of making all digits, go to ten.
Let's make it.
Go.
Tell it like.
What will we tell you?
It will be.
If last is true, that means if I'm on the last one on the rightmost part of the tree on it, then I
will only move until I say -0 because it's an integer.
So I'm just converting it eight.
So I'll say -0.
Only if last is true.
Right.
So how do we rated using the new operators?
If last is true, then it will be equal to say -0.
The last value.
Otherwise it will be equal tonight.
So let's make your destiny.
I hope this part is very clear.
If I'm the last mouse right, then only girdle this location only put these many digits.
Otherwise golden.
All the digits.
Eight and.
Let's make this number eight that we want to print.
So what will.
Okay, so initially, I'm starting with zero.
So what I'll do is I simply say go and I bless when of course.
And yeah, so how do I form the lost value?
But the lost value is only true if the previous last was true.
That means if I'm on the last value and.
This digits is equal to tell.
Hey, guys.
This is an important part of it.
Okay.
Earlier I was on last because guys, if last is false, even once, that means let's say I came here
and lost is false here.
If it is false, then it can never be true in its subtree.
Last is only true on the rightmost part of the.
Think on the right mouse pad.
Hey, because from here I get lost or withdrew.
Then I get lost to be true.
Then I get lost for me to pull.
If last is true and the digit is equal to the last, which is still.
Both of these conditions have to be true to make the last would be true for the next particular.
Index.
And finally, what will within a McAllen, I mean, do ten plus digit.
Hey, let's build this one's.
Okay.
No bias case here.
So if I is equals to.
As George says, let's say this.
So if I go straight as outside, that means I have to dig -- to it and then put my word.
We're really close to two.
That means I've reached the end.
I simply say out.
No.
And I let him.
Actually, you can see I have all the numbers, but just in 75.
I'm not excluding 75.
I started from zero going below 75 and nothing.
It's.
I hope this is being very clear to you.
How am I bringing numbers to 75?
By using Dell and lost.
This is normal.
It goes on.
Nothing else, right?
Well, let's see.
I want to find out that how many numbers are there in 75.
So we all know that there are 76 numbers and it's a good integer type.
Okay.
We'll do that later on.
Well, no problem.
It.
So this was a very basic example of.
Going over those numbers, which are.
We just a specific right now here what we have is we have num we have a and we have lost.
So we have we have only three things, guys, right?
And of course, we also don't need this number.
It just using it for printing stuff, nothing else.
So this is normal to go in in the next tutorial.
Explain you how this fits into the problem.
Wait, how how is this actually digital?
This is the GDP.
We we haven't optimized it, but yeah, so this is the base of digital TV and you guys see in the next
part.